feat: support zenoh config override (#551)
osrf/rmw_zenoh: README.md

export ZENOH_ROUTER_CONFIG_URI=$HOME/MY_ZENOH_ROUTER_CONFIG.json5
```

`rmw_zenoh` allows you to override configuration fields using the `ZENOH_CONFIG_OVERRIDE` environment variable .

> These overrides apply to ROS2 nodes and the Zenoh router **after** the `ZENOH_SESSION_CONFIG_URI` or `ZENOH_ROUTER_CONFIG_URI` (if specified)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These overrides apply to ROS 2 nodes and the Zenoh router **after** the `ZENOH_SESSION_CONFIG_URI` or `ZENOH_ROUTER_CONFIG_URI` (if specified)
```
